Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen and Shanghai are watching
the China show.
I'm Yvonne Man with David and Glenn.
Good morning.
Let's get to your top stories today.
President Trump says he will speak with
China's president Xi Jinping on Friday
as negotiators reach a framework deal to
keep TikTok running in the U.S..
Asian stocks are gaining after Wall
Street hits fresh records ahead of a
widely expected Fed rate cut.
Chinese shares in focus following 12
days of buying from mainland investors.
Also ahead, how Jack Miles returned to
Alibaba is boosting morale as the
company fights fierce competition in
e-commerce and in AI.
And I'm Stephen Engle at the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange, where we're awaiting the
trading debut of his side.
That is the world's biggest LIDAR sensor
maker.
We're going to be speaking with the
co-founder and CEO, David Li, coming up.
A good Tuesday morning to all of you.
Thank you for joining us.
Lots to get through as we get into this
Tuesday session here.
Lots of fundraising going on.
We just got a pricing out of $0.10 and a
dim sum was there, which of course, is a
separate conversation.
Steve, of course, is at the exchange for
her sized debut here today.
And why not?
It is a good day to be tapping these
markets for funds.
As you can see, Asia Pacific is now up
about a 10th of 1%.
That's pretty much at a record high
there.
Japan is coming online, reopening, and
as you can see, playing some catch down.
All that being said, the tide is really
towards the upside.
Taiwan is coming in like half of 1%
there.
And of course, within the chip space,
it's a separate conversation.
But we are already seeing the in video
wobble.
But then the recovery into the close
momentum, as you can see, coming into
the Asian session with some semis there
towards the upside.
Also, speaking of some upside, flip the
page place if we can.
Gold spot hitting a record high just a
few minutes ago, 3685 here an ounce and
spot gold ten year yield is now pushing
to the 4% handle.
In fact, the ten and the 30 year yield
are pushing towards the lower end of the
recent ranges.
That is ahead, of course, a different
conversation.
We'll get to that in a moment.
Of course, in terms of the big moves we
had overnight, certainly the familiar
faces, familiar names that we've been
tracking really for the course of the
last week, week and a half or so, Like
Baba, for example, we're now flirting
with 160 there.
And of course, her site is the one
that's listing here in Hong Kong, 4.3%
ahead of the debut here in Hong Kong.
Going into the open today, futures are
doing this.
We're also looking at, I think we have
aluminum as well.
Do we have that in there?
No, we don't.
I promise we'll get that in Q4 as well.
This massive rally we've seen in
aluminum prices tell you get 1.8%.
And of course, we're looking at a rally
going into the session today.
And why not?
Yeah, why not?
When you have plenty of catalysts, you
have good sort of sentiment coming
through after, of course, US-China trade
talks.
And yes, maybe this momentum continue
when she and Trump actually start
speaking, got a good deal on Friday as
well.
So there was some deliverables on tick
tock.
Certainly that meets comes to your
agenda here today.
That stock rally may have some also a
room for more of a leg higher here.
Major host listing of course is a light
our maker here are we did know about
that that retail offer was about 168
times covered as well Pop mart we'll
talk about that pop in the rally there
yesterday after that J.P.
Morgan downgrade.
We'll see if that continues for another
day as well.
Sectors like luxury, like gull, which
we'll talk a little bit more about as
well, the aluminum rally, as David
mentioned here.
And we do have some jobs data out of
Hong Kong later on this afternoon, but
certainly there is a lot of kind of good
news sort of things leading up to this.
Right.
Whether it is well, we heard from tech
talk still framework right now, but
maybe that bodes well to what could come
on this phone call on Friday, too.
Big deal.
Yeah.
This is how President Trump framed what
could happen there.
It does seem that we've been talking
about how a framework was already agreed
on.
I think I'm really waiting to see what
the details look like and whether or not
that that that phone call on Friday,
which I believe it's a phone call, of
course, will eventually lead to a an
in-person meeting, which I guess would
be
the ultimate path here if we do get to
that point.
Certainly it removes some of the premium
that's been built into the market
because of these trade conversations.
But again, you know, it's a reminder
what we've gotten this week around chips
and the potential complications there
that we are headed in the right
direction.
But it could not it probably won't be as
straightforward as most people expect,
especially for Nvidia, Right.
When they're trying to supply chips to
China.
It seems like China keeps trying to
maybe make it a little bit more
difficult for them.
We'll see how the chip stocks are going
to react domestically in China here
today.
But also it brings up to a lot of
discussion about what's going to happen.
The Fed, when you have the likes of Lisa
Cook and Stephen Murray, going to be
attending this meeting in a few days,
photo finish.
We did get that vote, of course, Stephen
Meyer took a couple of minutes ago.
And of course, a court also ruled that
Donald Trump cannot fire Lisa Cook ahead
of that meeting as well.
Not that it would be consequential, I
guess, for the vote today, because that
seems to be
that seems to be hammered in stone right
now.
It's a conversations around how much the
Fed will push back and what the tone
will be from the press briefing on the
pricing in markets going into I think,
you know, do we get a second or third
cut?
And I think, yeah, I bring you back to
the note from Stanchart early this week.
Right.
So they're saying 50, but that's it for
now.
They're not committed to anything beyond
this meeting because it's hard to
decipher what you know, what what's
ahead.
And that would be the trough of the
dollar.
I believe 70 good are also mentioned as
well.
But yeah, we're watching to see where is
his doc going to be, Stephen.
Myron, you know, he calls for 50 basis
points.
That's a good point cut.
Is that going to be on the low side of
things?
So certainly maybe the markets haven't
priced that in just yet, but we'll see.
Certainly.
Let's get to our top stories here with
President Trump.
Say he will talk with Chinese leader Xi
Jinping on Friday about what he calls a
big deal, though he spoke after
officials of both countries meeting in
Spain reached a framework.
Deal on keeping Tik-tok alive in the US.
It's important and it can maybe even
bring us closer to China.
Derek Wallbank, our senior editor, is
with us right now.
How hopeful should I be?
Should markets be, Derek?
Well, David, I don't think that there
was any real path on tech talk that was
going to get this to, you know, anything
other than kind of where we are right
now.
Right.
This has been a long dragged out process
of negotiation to try and figure out
what the end result on Tick Tock is
going to be.
The devil's in the details, though.
As you said, we're not quite sure what
this is going to mean in terms of the
algorithm, in terms of where things are
facing, in terms of what the stakes are
going to be, if China is going to have a
remaining stake in there.
There's a whole lot of details left to
be worked out.
But the simple fact of the matter is
that we're here.
In September, there was legislation that
said that that needed to be shut down in
a certain amount of time if there wasn't
a deal in place that has been extended
again and again and again.
And so this was always sort of the way
that we were going there.
But certainly you're picking up on the
positive gyrations there.
Trump, though, saying that his big sort
of focus is on a larger, sort of more
consuming deal.
And all of this is happening with the
with this sort of backdrop here of Trump
and she supposed to be meeting at some
point.
It is supposed to be.
It's not yet nailed down.
And so
that that all the conversation is about
something maybe toward the end of
October, early November, somewhere in
that window when we're kind of in the
middle of what I like to call summit
season, The big one I have circled on my
calendar right now is APEC in South
Korea is a possibility that they could
meet on the sidelines there of South
Korea.
You know, if you're flying from the
United States, South Korea, you go a
little bit further on, you get to
Beijing not too far.
And certainly there has has been some
some thought that the Chinese might like
to have that in Beijing.
You could more tightly choreograph
something there.
You know, there has been some some talk
about maybe you don't want to have a
fully freewheeling kind of session with
the American president.
You know, certainly Vladimir's Lansky
would would attest to the perils of
doing that.
But a lot of these things sort of remain
to be seen.
And Trump's making it really clear as we
talk about tick tock or in video or
anything else, you know, there's a big
deal to be had here between the U.S.
and China.
And he wants that big deal.
Okay.
That that grand bargain everyone's been
talking about earlier this year, Derek.
But what about what happened with
Nvidia, with regulators in China saying
that the company actually violated
anti-monopoly laws over this deal that
they did when it came to Mellanox
Technologies?
Does this actually further muddy the
waters for a video waiting to really
come back to this market now?
Well, I think it's certainly it's a
complication.
Right.
And you saw that initially with the
stock price when the news of this came
out, you see a little bit of a bump down
on that, but you also see a little bit
of a recovery since then.
And so I think that there's a kind of
market expectation right now.
There's sort of like, okay, let's throw
this into the mix.
Let's see what happens here.
But not necessarily reading this as the
world's worst situation right at the
moment.
Obviously, Nvidia say, you know, they
comply with all applicable rules and
etc., etc..
But but no, I mean, I think I think this
and tick tock and all of those things
sort of put all of these things into
into the hot pot, as it were.
You know, you stirred around a little
bit, It's a bit of a spicy concoction
and what comes out eventually, that's
really the key thing.
So it's not necessarily a huge surprise
to me at this moment that more things
are getting put into the pot.
I think the real question is, as long as
you're on this trajectory, where do you
necessarily wind up?
Do you wind up in a position where Trump
and Xi are talking in the next month or
two in person physically?
These these phone conversations that
we've had have been very, very wide
ranging.
They have gone over a lot of topics and
they've tended to be marathon affairs.
So whatever readouts we're getting on
Friday, that's going to be a really, you
know, I think big indication and that
could come on a number of different
fronts.
I think everybody kind of has to ask to
stay at the ready.
All right, Derek, we will be ready.
Derek Wall there, joining us out of San
Fran will be speaking with Anna Ashton
as well from Ashton Analytics in the
next hour about how she's assessing the
Madrid talks and if it heralds a thawing
of ties between the U.S.
and China as well.
In the meantime, we have some news on
Colombia, too, Dave.
Yeah, lots of news right now on the
foreign policy front.
The U.S.
has now decertified Colombia as an ally
in its war against drugs here.
And what effectively that means is that
you'll have a reduction or eventually it
could lead to a reduction in in
assistance for the U.S.
as it pertains to that specific battle.
It could also mean things like visa
restrictions, for example, and
government officials and perhaps maybe
sanctions could all follow.
But of course, this is a changing of the
page and declassifying it,
reclassifying, not declassifying,
reclassifying Colombia, no longer an
ally in that drug fight.
All right.
Another top story we're following here.
It's been fast moving the last few hours
really, is that U.S.
appeals court has blocked President
Trump from removing Fed Governor Lisa
Cook from her post.
While her lawsuit challenges the
dismissal procedure.
That decision came as the Senate voted
to confirm the president's economic
adviser, Steven Myron, to join the
central bank board.
That means that both governors could be
involved in the crucial FOMC meeting
that begins, of course, later on Tuesday
in the United States.
Christopher Condon, of course, who leads
our Fed Reserve team, joins us right now
out of Washington.
Why don't we start with Lisa Cook.
So she's going to be included likely in
this and this upcoming meeting.
Does that have any material consequence
as it pertains to Fed policy in the path
of Fed policy?
For this meeting.
David, It really does not have any
bearing.
Neither does the news that Steven Aaron
has been confirmed in time.
We fully expect him to participate in
the meeting as well.
In terms of tomorrow or the Wednesday
rate decision, though, this is not going
to change anything.
In any case, the broader Federal Open
Market Committee looks poised to cut
rates by a quarter of a percentage
point.
That is very widely expected among
investors.
It's expected among economists that we
have surveyed.
So that's a that's a deeply embedded
expectation.
I suppose there is some very minor
possibility that the Fed could cut by
50, but that's not going to happen
suddenly because Stephen, Myron is
there.
It would happen because enough of the
officials believe the labor market is
deteriorating rapidly, but we really
don't see that in the data.
So the answer to your question in the
short run is it doesn't have much of an
effect.
But of course, each of these bits of
news are very consequential as we look
ahead at monetary policy and as we look
ahead for the prospects of Fed
independence over the next several
months.
And now this one.
We're still unsure how long Myron could
actually stay in this position, Right?
I mean, he said he's got to take a leave
of absence from the White House.
But how long could he stay in the Fed?
Oh, well, this is a kind of a
complicated question.
And there are three different scenarios
here.
Number one,
he could be renominated and confirmed to
a new 14 year term that would begin on
February one of 2026.
That's option one.
Option number two is President Trump
decides he's just there for a temporary
period and he chooses someone else to
fill that seat for that full 14 year
term.
Option number three is that Trump does
nothing.
And in that case, Stephen, Myron is
fully entitled to stay on as a Fed
governor so long as no one else is
confirmed into that seat.
So he could be there and quite an
indefinite basis, let's say.
And that is quite an interesting
possibility when you consider also that
he is retaining his job, albeit on
unpaid leave, but he's retaining his job
as chair of the Council of Economic
Advisors if he wants to return to that.
It's been speculated already by members
of Congress on the Democratic side that
he'll have to act in a way that doesn't
offend his boss, Donald Trump.
Yeah, and that again raises questions
about the independence of the people
involved in monetary policy at the Fed.
Chris Condon, thank you so much, sir.
Of course, he leads her sad, reserved
coverage out of Washington today, just
giving us a preview of not just policy,
but certainly the chess pieces involved
there and all the complications between
those chess pieces on that board right
now.
Lots of lots of inside, of course, as
you look ahead to the Fed decision and
beyond.
Right.
Just ahead here in show us, we'll be
speaking and we mentioned it at the top
of the show, of course, this trading
debut here in Hong Kong, founder and CEO
of Light, our Maker.
Plus high technology.
The company, of course, makes its debut
here in Hong Kong.
IPO priced at 1280 is probably going to
be different in about 14 minutes or so.
Calm down to be open to trade here, Hong
Kong, Shanghai and Shenzhen.
This is the China show.
Kind of cheap, but I love it.
Okay.
We're looking at some positive momentum
going into the session today, 180 right
now on the ten year yield.
And we just got the fix, not even fall
below 712.
I mean, the market's done well, right?
Where do we go from here?
Let's get a sense right now from Jessica
here and APAC equity investment
specialist at J.P.
Morgan Asset Management here with us, of
course, on sets in Hong Kong.
Good morning.
Nice to see you.
Good morning to both of you.
Probably getting a lot of questions and
the Chinese market rally a lot.
We do a lot.
What's what's the most what's the most
common and what's the answer?
Probably the biggest question is whether
the rally that we're seeing this year is
it's sustainable or something like short
lived.
And then we are we're going to like go
back to those very difficult and tough
periods.
Well, there are reasons to be quite
optimistic.
Obviously, we're trying to be also very
selective in any like no sectors stocks
that we're picking.
But the good thing is that even if there
are some pockets of the market which may
look stretched, we definitely see a
number of positive supporting factors.
The first is the Fed easing US-China
trade tensions.
I mean, I guess this morning's news
about the unity target, if you like,
adding to to this positive section is
about the tech rally, which fared quite
well.
The third is about the Involution
campaign.
So really like the supply side and, you
know, reforms led by the government,
that one in particular really aimed to
like, you know, curb, you know, the
intensity of, you know, these high
competition, but also to like, you know,
curb the over capacity issues.
So that's definitely positive.
And fourth is really about the
improvement in shareholder shareholders
returns.
Yeah.
So I think there are so all these
factors they feel like play out very
positively.
And what we're seeing also is that more
and more investors are taking steps in
potentially like looking for, you know,
diversifying outside of the U.S.
So beyond the U.S.
looking at other opportunities,
especially really to the tech
innovation.
And I think China is quite well-placed.
The positioning already in this market
seems quite bullish.
Yeah, if we're talking about a 12% gains
this year, so 300 and you know, in the
last few weeks, how much more upside do
you think we could see, though?
That's a good question.
But you are really coming from far.
And when you look at the valuations of
the Chinese equity markets, it's trading
at a discount compared to many, many
developed markets.
I think if you look at even like the
whole Asian markets, it's the only one
of the at the bottom.
So despite this rally, I think there's
more upside to to come, obviously.
I mean, how much upside, you know, to
which magnitude this is, it remains to
be seen.
But at least all the taking of Asian and
also like any green shoots of recovery,
the property definitely helps in that
direction.
You've been speaking of valuations.
You've said the price to book ratio for
China remains reasonable.
Why are you using price to book just out
of curiosity?
Yeah.
So I think there are different like new
metrics to look at the p e PDO actually
when we look also at the p e over the
like 20 years know a historical average,
I would definitely like on par for the
PD.
It's quite obvious that I mean we're
still looking at a very attractive new
valuation compared to the historical
average.
So not just against the other markets,
emerging markets or a developed market,
but also against our own historical I
mean, the own like market's historical
average.
Okay, so what pockets do you think
valuations are still looking?
Okay, What parts look a bit too
expensive now in this market?
Yeah, we have to be quite vigilant
because there are some pockets that look
stretch, as I mentioned earlier.
So especially let with you look at the
technology sectors here.
We have to be very selective here.
Looking at the Chinese upstream like
companies for some years, they look I
mean, they have performed very well.
But I mean, valuation is also very high.
And we do have some concerns about the
sustainability of the economics,
whether, no, the demand would continue
or not, whether they are going to reach
their production goals, we don't know.
But one thing that we like it if we stay
in this a new space, especially like the
Chinese in space,
it's really like the Sydney production
equipment tool makers.
They're very interesting because usually
these companies are very customer
agnostic.
So regardless of whether or no, those
Chinese firms will perform well or not,
and to that end, emerging leaders are
nuts.
They will probably continue to do well.
Yeah, or they're apolitical place, let's
put it that way.
Right
outside of China.
You look at the rest of the region and
everything has done well.
So what now?
Yeah, there are a couple of factors that
explain the Saudis momentum within Asia,
which are USD.
I mean U.S.
dollar as well as no more favorable like
potentially lower rates.
This is historically has benefited
Latino Asian equities.
But what is even more interesting these
past few years, especially this year, is
the the value program.
And we have heard a lot about the value
of.
In Japan and looks like now it's
inspiring the rest of the region.
Korea as well have done quite well.
I think this is one of the reasons why
we have seen such a major rally in the
Korean equities and since the beginning
of this year.
And then also, interestingly, I would
like to mention Singapore, because we're
still at the infancy stage, but there
are a lot of the equity market reforms.
I think the equity piece with the equity
development program initiated by the
regulator in the US is very telling
because it really aims at revitalizing
the Singaporean equity markets.
Integrating with lead those value
program helps know will
help boost the equity markets like what
we have seen in in Japan and Korea.
So that could be also an interesting
topic.
Okay.
Out of all those I mean, we've talked
about everything, you know, at records.
What hasn't been and is probably on the
opposite side of that spectrum is India,
which has seen a bit of a consolidation
given tariffs and the like.
What's next for India?
Yeah.
So for India, we see definitely like
more expansionary fiscal policy which is
deftly playing and putting well forward
for India.
Evolution has always been one of the
major concerns is is like new too high.
Are we going to see any correction or
not.
But that said, when we look at the macro
side, we think that things are also
getting better.
Like you look at the inflation is fairly
stable and we try really to look at the
companies that are seeing some
turnaround or that are not overly
priced, but offering like very strong
earnings visibility.
So especially in the I.T.
services in the financial space, there
are definitely opportunities to be
found.
All right, Jessica, thank you.
Jessica Taylor there, an equity
investment specialist at J.P.
Morgan Asset Management.
Your pre-market is up and running and we
are seeing the Hang Seng continue to
extend those gains here today.
As you mentioned, about 12 days of net
buying here when it comes to some of
these southbound outflows.
That's certainly one thing we're
tracking very closely here.
We talked about her.
See that listing debut here today as
well.
And we're seeing it just seem to be
continuing here.
We'll see how Ali Baba fares as well.
But yes, ten cent, we did get that bond
pricing.
Yes.
And that convertible bonds.
So certainly that's certainly one thing
that we're seeing with the stock here
today as well.
A little bit upside there, too.
Yeah, So they did price, of course,
they're five, ten and 30, these
redemption bonds, of course.
And when you look at the spreads, of
course, the comparable there would be
the same currency ones.
Suffice to say we're also looking at the
chip space going into today, of course.
And you know, the the wobble and then
the recovery that we got in the in video
story that's lifting, of course, a lot
of names across the region, as you can
see, not playing out to some extent here
in the Hong Kong session right now.
The big listing here today, JSE leader
in the US up 4% I think overnight going
into the session today and the offering
price was at 212.
It's not trading by 8% above that price.
On the left side of your screen, of
course, is the ceremony, of course, at
the Hong Kong exchange, of course, where
our man at around Stephen Engle, of
course, will be standing by to speak
with someone on the stage.
You can just do an eeny, meeny, miny,
moe with that will be it's going to be
found.
Of course, they believe we'll be joined
in.
The show is very, very shortly following
the banning of that proverbial or
literal gong on the stage.
Okay.
They're making their way off the stage,
the feeds.
We have a couple of minutes break before
the opening bell going into the session
today.
And yeah, 26,000 is in play, 26 five
right now on the Hang Seng index.
It's a good day to be raising money in
this market.
It's a good day to be making money.
And this market, the opening bell is
just ahead.
You're watching the China show.
Good morning.
Welcome back to the China show.
Another day, another new high, another
listing here in this markets.
Let's toss it over to straight now to
Stephen Engle, our chief North Asia
correspondent standing by at the Hong
Kong exchange with the one for today,
Steve.
Yes, what you see south?
Yeah, we're just half a minute away from
the banging of the gong and the trading
debut here in Hong Kong for a side
group, which is that big world beating
LiDAR sensor maker, the biggest, no
doubt in China, but the biggest in the
world as well.
And David Li is there on the stage.
He's about to bang the gong and get this
secondary listing they already listed on
the Nasdaq will allow the group here in
the room at the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
to count it down side.
Oh, yeah.
So.
We're going to allow David Lee to.
Bask in the adulation before he going to
be walked over here.
We're going to get him seated and sorted
for an interview here on the trading
debut.
As I said, they're already listed back
in 2023 on the Nasdaq.
They are doing their secondary listing
here, and he's about to come over and
join us for an interview.
Back to you guys for now.
Yeah, well, we'll come back to you soon,
Steve.
But certainly one of the few and other
homecomings that we've seen from some of
these U.S.
listed Chinese companies is certainly a
lot of talk to David Lee about there.
But a pretty good debut there for the
company in terms of onshore market.
Yeah, it's a good day to list.
It's a good day to be along these
markets.
Once again, you take look the CSI 300,
right.
So good news came through from Madrid.
Looks like we have some framework when
it comes to a deal.
A tick tock as well.
And now we're hearing that President
Trump and Xi are going to be speaking on
Friday so that at least on the trade
front, looking more positive here.
So we are seeing looks like a little bit
more of that rotation back into equities
away from bonds here this morning, we're
focusing on aluminum, for example, as
they mentioned, that rally as well.
Seattle, there you go.
After what Jp morgan said, talking about
all this demand about energy storage and
the like.
Those shares continue for another day.
We're up about 4/10 of 1% on this whole
market chatter.
Is this company going to have to raise
their capacity for 2026 in their
guidance, just given the demand that
they're seeing when it comes to
batteries and the like?
So that's a big thing for the market.
But they go as I speak, it's heading to
downside there.
Right now.
Capricorn, though, that's a big one.
We're up close to 3% on them.
Video news potentially here.
So what we heard from the Chinese
regulators was that they did violate
some sort of anti-monopoly law when it
came to one company that they did take
over as well.
So does this add more, I guess, a boost
to some of these local homegrown giants
as well, or a little invidious, as they
call Capricorn for the boy?
Talk about Hong Kong just a little bit
as well, given that we have, of course,
Citigroup that's listed here today,
Alibaba, that continues to be a great
story here that we'll have a little bit
more about.
Right.
The the comeback of Jack Ma and the
company there.
We're flat when it comes to the stock.
About 154 levels here right now, attends
that of course, with that bond sale was
getting some more news in terms of the
pricing of that dim on bond.
But there you go.
Hang Seng is up 4/10 of 1%.
We've seen 12 straight days of net
buying when it comes to mainland
investors there.
So it seems like we could be seeing
another day of this as well.
Pretty steady on your offshore right
here at 711, just sub seven, 12 levels
here right now.
And we're focusing on a little more of
the chips rise.
We talked about the video story.
SMI see getting a boost from Goldman.
So they just upgraded the price targets
and the earnings estimates for, I
believe, 2028 fiscal year.
So they're talking about high revenues
and gross margins to come.
They've upgraded the stock to a price
target, 73.1 HKD there.
They're talking about the demand from
local fabulous customers.
Air is strong.
That's the reason why they're seeing
that here.
But we are seeing when it comes to some
of these local names continuing for
another day as well.
And we talk about what happened
yesterday.
Right.
So the Pop Mart story, all it took was
Jp morgan to downgrade the stock.
And we basically saw, I think it was
like 3 billion of market cap wiped out
since it reached that record just a few
weeks ago.
Pop Mart, there you go, recovering a
little bit as well.
But Seattle, we're seeing a little bit
of a different story for the two stocks
listed here.
Yeah, 13 billion.
Yeah.
Bonds correct there on the value that
was wiped out of pop margin process.
We want to sort of pointing out that,
you know, the Goldman the Goldman price
target now for estimates, the eight
shares raised to 73, one from 63 seven
and the A-SHARES raised there to 161
spot one from 160.
We're looking at shares of CI right now.
We're session highs, best day on record.
Now we go
on the stock price today.
Well, best at record in Hong Kong.
I have to be to I have to qualify that
it has been listed in New York.
It's soaring in the debut today.
212 of course was the offering price
were trading of course well above the
price, currently 12, 13%.
You know, what did they do about that
money?
What are their plans as far as
production capacity is concerned outside
of the current production hubs,
conversations around Southeast Asia,
perhaps.
In fact, last time that David Lee joined
us in shows a couple of weeks back, you
know, we asked about Hong Kong listing
and he was couldn't commit.
Of course, at that point in time, he
simply said Hong Kong had really good
food.
We asked him about the Southeast Asia
factory.
He said, you know, it's a place in
Southeast Asia that has good food.
Anyway, on that, on that very note, now,
we can talk about that.
Exactly.
He's here in town with a listing today.
In fact, Stephen Engle is standing by
with the guy himself at the Hong Kong
exchange.
Steve.
Yes, the man who just walked off the
stage after banging the gong and the
trading debut of Herzog here in Hong
Kong.
David Lee, the co-founder and CEO,
thanks so much.
Thank you for having me.
Regulations for the second listing.
Obviously you listed in the US in 2023.
So the big question is now what you've
raised about half a billion dollars,
about 500 million oversubscribed
listing.
Where are your priorities?
My priority has always been getting this
product to as many people as we as we
would like to, which is essentially 100%
of the vehicles.
If you think about what we try to do is
we try to build the safety device for
the cars is like the future of the
invisible airbag and seatbelts.
Historically, the problem is cost we
need to sell.
For $50,000 with the help of the
preparatory technologies and the
manufacturing we're bringing to 200.
And we're trying to bring that to
everyone.
In June, when we met at the World
Economic Forum in Tianjin.
You were saying that you've been able to
bring down that cost based on light our
sensors by 99 and 5% increase.
Now, the industry in China, the industry
has been there's this anti-evolution
campaign because there's been a race to
the bottom.
So you claim to have pretty healthy
gross margins.
But I mean, clearly this price war in
the EV space is driving down
profitability for car makers.
How is it impacting you?
The key is innovation, right?
That's the wrong way to do that is to
continue to lower your price without the
ability to lower your cost.
So for us, we've been trying to develop
preparatory components since almost the
very beginning.
Since 2017, we've developed a four
generation of platform technology,
integrated components with one goal,
which is to continue to lower the cost.
That's why even though the price war
continues, even though everybody is
fighting very competitively, we have an
edge not because we can afford to lose
more money.
It's because we invested so much already
upfront in being able to lower the costs
down the road.
How confident are you, though, that the
officials and the regulators at MIT and
others can stop this race to the bottom
and that a healthier auto industry will
emerge?
There might be a shake out some of these
main players that you have 100%
contracts with like Li Auto and others.
There might be some consolidation.
What's your outlook and how does that
directly impact you?
I feel like what the government is
trying to do isn't stopping.
The race is trying to hold a standard
for the industry so that everybody can
compete fairly without sacrificing
safety, which is super important for us.
If you think about, again, we make
safety parts, we want to make sure
everybody has the same set of metrics to
evaluate their safety, which is now
happening with a new draft of the GGB.
The government is essentially saying
that, look, it's a bad idea where
everyone just can claim their level two.
Why don't we set a few scenarios that
you really have to pass those scenarios
to claim level to aid us, which is
extremely helpful to hold the bar high.
And for us, it's further important
because those scenarios cover many, many
cases that require light to be safe
enough.
So how much of these processes are going
to go into the R&D to get to your
latest, what is it, 8128 version chip
for level three autonomy by next year?
A significant part is going to the R&D
and we'll continue to invest.
It's not going to be one year, but we
raise money to be able to continue to
invest in the innovation in the
industry, components in in-house
manufacturing, in expanding our
manufacturing to outside China to to to
serve our customers overseas.
So in the end, with one goal is to bring
that to everyone.
Everyone, including outside China
overseas is critical, right?
Because you have a Toyota partnership,
you have a major partnership with the
unnamed OEM in Europe.
You have a factory being built right now
in Southeast Asia.
But everyone's excited here in the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.
You haven't name that country is widely
believed to be Malaysia, but we won't go
down that road again.
But how important is that international
market?
Because there was another announcement
that a $40 million partnership with an
unnamed again, you're kind of a
secretive, unnamed robotaxi company in
the United States.
Customers always like to be secretive
until they actually roll out to the full
fleet or the vehicles.
So we respect the culture and we
obviously follow our agreement by not
announcing their actual name.
But that's not important.
What's important is we're seeing the
almost like an explosion of adaptation
for such a technology.
China, of course, is first and the rest
of the world robotaxi from the very
beginning.
Now finally, we're seeing sizable fleet
with Robotaxi on the road.
Can you make inroads in the United
States?
Because this partnership in the United
States is with a U.S.
robotaxi company?
I'm betting a lot of money that it's not
Tesla because they're the vision of they
don't like LiDAR.
Elon Musk doesn't like LiDAR.
But again, Waymo and others do.
A I won't be able to comment on the
name, but I do want to point out even
Waymo, which is one of the almost most
advanced player in this domain, argued
publicly that light is absolutely
necessary.
It gives you a great margin of safety.
And it's it doesn't make sense for
people not to consider that historically
it might because it's too expensive and
we don't have enough data to know
whether it's useful or not.
Let me give you one example.
It's almost like somebody would tell
you, I don't think coffee helps me
because I never drink.
Regardless of what other people think of
coffee right now, everyone likes coffee.
Well, how much are you going to invest
in robotics as well?
That's the next hot one because you have
a Ph.D.
from University of Illinois in robotics.
So humanoid robotics embodied physical
A.I..
Is that going to be the next race to the
bottom?
Because there's going to be McKinsey
told me that there's going to be a lot
of investment in this, but there's going
to be a drive down in the profitability
and the price point.
The word racing for the bottom seems
negative.
I see in a positive way.
It's only going to be a technology that
helps everyone.
If you can make them affordable enough.
Can you imagine your airbag would retail
for 0,000 each?
Then it wouldn't be a meaningful
technology.
So racing to the bottom on the cost, but
racing to the peak on the volume, that's
the responsibility of any safety
technology and that's what we're about.
And back to your robotics question.
We obviously spend the major of R&D on
the automotive side, but it's actually
fully leveraged from what we developed
as a platform technology, from
automotive to robotics.
You might think they look very
different, but if you open it up under
the hood, it's the same platform
technology we developed and that's why
we're able to cater to so many robotics
technologies with essentially the same
product.
Tesla is obviously a leader as well in
the development of those humanoid
robots.
Is China going to be the leader there
like they are in EVs?
I think China will definitely be at
least one of the two most important
players in the world.
Exactly.
Well, United States has a lot of great
technologies and a lot of people are
trying to learn how to do manufacturing.
I would argue we do have certain
advantages, but, you know, in the end,
it's who has the best, the combination
of software and hardware.
It couldn't be just one site.
David Lee, thanks so much.
Congratulations.
We'll be keeping track of the progress
of your company.
All right, Yvonne, I'm going to send it
back to you live here with the CEO and
co-founder of the site from the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.
Yvonne.
Great conversation there, Steve.
Thank you.
Of course.
And our thanks to David Lee Ho's AI
Group co-founder and CEO at the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange.
Well, coming up, Jack Ma returns in a
bid to make Alibaba great again.
And sources say he's more involved than
ever.
Details of our scoop coming up next.
This is Bloomberg.
All right, We're talking MAGA right now.
We're talking about make Alibaba great
again.
That certainly is a mantra.
And what we're seeing and what we're
hearing from, according to our reporting
from Bloomberg that Jack Ma is back on
Alibaba's campuses as more directly
involved in the company than he has been
in half a decade.
Now.
MA, of course, as you may know, was once
China's wealthiest and most prominent
tech leader and his comeback has been
long awaited.
And that, of course, that handshake
people remember with President Xi back
in February was seen as his official
return to grace.
It was also a signal that the country's
tech sector, private sector, may be back
in favor in Beijing as well.
But, you know, he always has been de the
face, the personality behind this
company.
And it really a company without him for
the last few years has struggled in some
ways, you could say.
And we certainly have seen that
reflected in the stock price.
I mean I mean, certainly and, you know,
there have been, you know, not just, of
course, on the Jack Ma side of things,
you know, there's been this whole
regulatory regime shift and shift back
that's really led to that.
And I think using Alibaba just as a
juxtaposition of, you know, the changing
stories is a really useful exercise to
just figure out right now what it
actually means, not just for the company
but for the sector moving forward.
In fact, when you look at this chart, we
put that actually on the chart.
We're not taking the chart all the way
back to 2014, of course, when it listed
first in the US.
And I remember that day like it was
yesterday, very big deal.
Of course not listing right now, but I
also remember almost like it was
yesterday, you know, the conversations
are on how massive that deal was going
into what eventually was pulling off
that listing the whole common prosperity
conversation that return, of course, in
pictures of Jack Ma and of course,
eventually what then led to Chinese
president meeting Jack Ma and of course,
that big meeting that took place
following the deep Seek moment early
this year, which did include, of course,
Jack Ma there
in Beijing.
And it also brings to mind and here's a
useful statistic in case our some of our
viewers missed that right.
Alibaba was back then.
The biggest stock in the Hang Seng is
right now, again, the biggest stock,
most heavily, heavily weighted stock.
To be more specific on the Hang Seng
index, I just had to look at my terminal
right now at the peak October, I think
it was October 17, 2017, or October 27,
2017.
At one point, Alibaba was valued at 868
billion USD.
It was sixth in the world as far as
market cap.
Right now it's about 360 and it's ranked
about 30.
So it come back.
But certainly there's a long way back to
the very top.
Yes, but you know, who would have
thought we'd be here talking about this
very story at this point in time?
Yeah, we're still, I think, not quite
even halfway there from the peak of
those glory days.
But certainly it's a fantastic piece
that brought to you by, of course, our
tech team.
I want to bring in Louise Day now.
She joins us now with more.
So tell us a bit more.
It's a great story.
Why do you think Jack Ma's back and at
what capacity?
Yeah, thanks for having me.
So what we have been hearing from
employees at Alibaba and some other
sources that Jack has been more involved
in the company, the most involved since
2020, and he's been showing up on
campuses.
He's also getting behind a lot of big
decisions in Alibaba, like recently, the
big investment of ¥50 billion of
subsidies into food delivery.
And of course, he cares a lot about AI.
He gets daily updates.
And in one case, sources told us that he
was messaging a senior manager three
times a day.
And that's that's a lot of that's a lot
of watching.
And then, of course, he does not have a
official title in the company from what
we heard.
But yeah, he's just he's around.
Well, how much of this stock price rally
can be credited to Jack Ma being back?
Yeah, I think so.
A lot when we we talk to people a lot of
the the one word that came a lot a lot
is the morale.
He's still the morale leader.
He comes back and that means that some
of the worst days that YouTube described
earlier has has passed.
And then the companies said he shipped
and then a lot of confidence being
brought to the company.
And that's that means a lot.
And of course, when we talk about, like
Alibaba's growth right now, a major
driver is A.I..
And then that's when Alibaba a year ago,
Jack Ma supported the venture.
And then when when the cloud business
was in a lot of clouds,
Jack supported it And then yeah, and
look at now it's it's the most promising
growth engine of the company rather than
a lot of it's Alibaba's competitor
stadium Meituan deep into the food
delivery war.
Yeah I think one of the people you
talked to said you know when he when
there was a news that he was re making a
speech on campus they.
We're getting very emotional.
Right.
Just even this, the idea of it.
So what do we know at this point?
Is he is he going to make an official
come back at some point?
We don't know that.
And he's been keeping a relatively much
lower profile.
He was he was one of the most most like
visual, visible leader business leaders
from China.
He goes to Davos and all that.
And we have not seen that yet.
And he's been showing more and more on
campus and he's giving speeches, but
it's mostly internally.
Besides that, he's been biking by the
Westlake Hang Hung.
So, yeah, that is mostly internal.
Okay.
Yeah.
Still keeping a low profile for now.
Didn't he get up as he did to dress up
as Michael Jackson once.
Yes.
Right.
Yeah.
Those those annual shows, Alibaba Day.
Right, Jack?
Michael Jackson.
And there was a some African talent show
or some show that he was also on
recently as well.
Lots to look forward to reporting.
And thank you for bringing the story to
us here.
So staying there, joining us from our
tech team.
If you are a subscriber, you want to
rewatch that interview, of course, and
check out that story via our interactive
TV function.
TV go.
You can also become part of the
conversation.
You send us instant messages.
Check it out at TV.
Go putting more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
All right.
Some top stories that we're following
for you today.
TMZ has begun marketing its first bond
sale in four years.
A firm is said to be looking to sell
five, ten and 30 year offshore yuan
denominated notes with initial price
guidance at 2.6%, 3% and 3.6% areas.
Now, a source says a deal could be
priced as early as today.
This would be Tencent's first sale of
dim sum notes and its first bond
offering in any currency since April
2021.
Elon Musk has responded to his massive
pay proposal from Tesla's board by
buying about billion in shares,
saying the stock into positive territory
for the year.
He made the purchase through a revocable
trust on September 12, signaling
confidence in Tesla's future.
Musk's trillion dollar compensation plan
includes an incentive if the company
hits a $400 billion adjusted earnings
target by 2035.
Alphabet has joined an elite group of
companies valued at more than $3
trillion, and the stock's rise is being
fueled by a long awaited antitrust
ruling and second quarter earnings
showing high demand lifting sales.
The Google parent joins a video of
Microsoft and Apple as the only publicly
traded stocks above that 3 trillion
level.
Yeah, that's that's that's pretty that's
pretty wacky, actually.
In fact, just two or three of those
combined
is larger, actually in aggregate
compared to the entire Hong Kong stock
market.
But that's a separate conversation for
another day.
Well, speaking of chips, not quite
there, but certainly has come a have
come a long way as a cohort here as am I
see home semi really on the back of the
video bounce back overnight and we're
also looking at some other things as
well going into the first 25 minutes of
trade.
Just keep in mind, of course, it's 12
days of inflows so far.
It should be 13 last we checked.
So we'll see whether or not that goes
into some of the big favorites.
Right now, 3/10 of 1% to the upside.
And we're not trading at 26,500 on the
Hang Seng index, ten year yield right
now.
And you know what?
We're going to have a conversation
coming up on fixed income.
So, you know, one thing we want to note
is, of course, the prospect of bond
purchases yet again on CBB, according to
a joint session, of course, on the trade
conversation and Ashton out of Ashton
Analytics.
Welcome back to the China show.
Here's a look at the age of song.
Half hour of the session here and we are
off some of the initial highs, but we're
still talking about a fifth of 1% of the
upside here today.
Shares are also doing around the same
sort of measure here.
It's really interesting.
The taking stock here today is that, you
know, we might see a little bit more of
a, you know, leaning towards the Asian
market.
Maybe there's signs of a comeback that
could be brewing coming through this
market now.
Yeah.
And I think when you look at the
valuation gap, certainly is indicative
of that, too.
If you look at flows recently, when you
look at you know, when you pull foreign
investors.
Right.
And if they had to come up with five
stocks that they had, Chinese stocks
that they would top first, top of mind
for them could easily find Tencent and
Alibaba.
And these names of course.
But I tradestation would be the first
first options there.
And yeah, I mean certainly from that
said, from a valuation perspective, that
does seem to be of course the the where
the value trade is and not to mention as
well the value trade are growth stocks,
which I guess is indicative right now of
the trend.
Now all that being said, it's also a
market.
It's come alive.
And one of the iterations of that is
this big listing today, this debut today
of her site, which debuted at well, no,
it priced at 1212 and change.
And as you can see, we're not better.
We're about 10%.
And this is just the latest one of many,
many companies that have hit both the
equity markets, whether it's
convertibles or whether that's, you
know, pure credit and a dim sum bond
side with the ten cent listing and after
what you did.
So I mean take your pick really where
you want to raise your money these days
our ECM team is probably pretty busy
just yet.
They said, no, we're coming on, show us
today.
So
but yes, basically, I mean, also, this
is one of the first of several U.S.
listed Chinese companies that are going
public in Hong Kong this year.
So they want their ability to keep
raising funds.
Of course, there's been a lot of the
delisting fears in the U.S.
as well that have emerged.
So certainly that is going to be one
thing.
But yeah, they are, of course, very much
a part of the whole carmaker, every sort
of supply chain.
So certainly a big sort of a theme there
in this market.
Yeah.
Okay.
Now the I posted this on X slash Twitter
the other day and got a lot of pushback,
but I guess that was that was a point
of.
Yeah.
I mean, if you put nothing consequential
out there, then you're just wasting
space in the cloud.
I basically said with equity markets at
these level, it's scary that there are
no visible risks out there.
I mean, yes.
Are risks that we see.
Yeah.
But when you look at the markets, when
you look at the VIX, for example, it's
holding below 15.
You look at the VIX up the VIX, which is
trading at about Matt Miller, it doesn't
seem like the market is attaching a high
probability of any of these material
risks out there of come to fruition.
You know, we've lived through many hot
wars.
Not to trivialize, of course, what's
going on there, a trade war, inflation,
but yet markets seem to be doing okay
and sleeping well at night.
I think it's just this whole narrative
that the Fed is leaning more dovish.
Right.
I think Stephen Myron being confirmed
and getting this kind of fast track
within the Senate in approving that sort
of position in the Fed board is
certainly one sort of maybe trigger
behind that.
Right.
And whether he's going to, you know, be
that proponent of lower rates.
Right.
I mean, we talk about where the dots are
going to be.
I think the consensus is we're gonna see
a 25 basis point cut this week, but
that's going to bring up the 50 basis
point case.
Right.
And that certainly could, you know, tilt
the balance a little bit more if in fact
he becomes a permanent voting member.
Of course.
Yeah.
Can you imagine if they went 50 and then
Jay Powell that had then to justify that
the push back was the one and done.
It's probably the most hawkish 50 basis
point cut on record.
But yeah these are many, many things
that markets have seemed to just get
wrap their heads around properly already
as far as maybe major risks over the
short term are not concerned.
The other thing, of course, is the good
news for getting out of trade right tech
talk and who would have imagined that
the coming Friday and we just got news
of that, of course, out of the US
president of this big deal that he and
Chinese president will be speaking about
before the bell going into the weekend.
Yeah, that's after we hear that there's
a framework at least in place when it
comes to some sort of tech talk deal.
They were getting close to the sort of
deadline.
So does this kind of just kick the can
down the road in some ways?
I mean, what can we get in terms of the
framework and what does this all mean
for an actual deal?
But, you know, as you mentioned about,
you know, what could be coming, right?
I mean, November 10th, we saw the
remember, that's when that trade truce
between the U.S.
and China expires again.
Yeah, right.
So there are still some hurdles in the
whole trade discussion.
Now, we don't really talk about of late
right now.
It's about Fed now.
Good news from Madrid, measuring
progress on on on trade negotiations.
Yeah, right.
And to what extent can we actually
measure a put a measure on the you know,
whether that we're moving the needle as
far as that's concerned.
Right.
So you do have, of course, President
Trump, as we were just mentioning there,
says that he will be speaking with
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Friday
about what he calls we just talked about
that this big deal that he spoke after
officials from both countries, they met,
of course, in Madrid, reached a
framework deal and keeping tick tock
alive in the United States.
It's important and it can maybe even
bring us closer to China.
Joining us now is Anna Ashton, founder
at Ashton Analytics.
And I'll start with, you know, just
really what we heard from Tech.
You know, it's it's right now the
readouts say certain things, but it's
still a little bit vague about what came
through.
But is there any sort of indication that
what we're seeing and this framework is
going to stick when it comes to Tik Tok?
You know, Yvonne, I think it's a little
bit too early to tell.
It's certainly, you know, there have
been indications from from the
President, from Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessant, from US Trade Representative
Jamison Greer that there is going to be
this call between Trump and President Xi
on Friday and that perhaps they could
finalize or formalize in some way this
deal that the two sides have tentatively
reached as soon as the end of this week.
But we really haven't got any
confirmation of that from from Beijing
yet.
The you know, Lee Tanjung, the vice
commerce minister, did the meter press
readout after for the Chinese side after
the talks in Madrid.
And you know, he was much more sort of
circumspect about what was coming.
There was no indication from the Chinese
side that there is, in fact a call
that's going to happen, much less that
the deal is that close to being done.
Lee Chung seemed to be indicating that
there were
numerous steps still to be taken and
that all of this would have to go
through both countries regulatory
apparatuses and and be approved in
various ways before it was finalized.
So let's wait and see.
Yeah.
And I think we have Anna David here.
I think we have about, let's call it
four, maybe five weeks at best before of
course, we start talking about the
deadline expiring.
And that also just happens to be
Wednesday and is taking place AIPAC and
a lot of people are looking at those
options as potential meeting points
physically for both for both presidents.
Are we any closer to a deal, though, at
this point in time?
After what I think they've met four
times already.
Do a trade deal.
You know, the last time that they met in
Stockholm in July, the readouts were not
really particularly focused on either
tariffs, the U.S.
tariffs, or on rare earths and magnets,
export restrictions that China has put
on.
And those are the those are the two key
issues that have brought both sides to
the table.
Those are the issues that continue
behind the scenes to drive these
negotiations.
But we haven't heard anything
more than ambiguous about progress.
We know that China is allowing more
shipments of rare earths and magnets to
the U.S.
than was the case in May, considerably
more, not as much as prior to putting
these export licensing requirements in
place.
And we know that the tariff base rates
continue to be temporarily low.
That's going to continue at least
through November 10th.
But there are a lot of other contextual
factors that make this really hard to
predict.
One of them is that a federal appeals
court recently ruled that the the
tariffs in question, the liberation day
tariffs and the fentanyl tariffs that
the Trump administration has imposed on
China, which invokes the International
Emergency Economic Powers Act, were not
properly imposed, that the President
can't impose tariffs under that act
either.
The Supreme Court has agreed to expedite
a hearing.
We could get a ruling as early as
December or early next year, and if the
ruling is adverse to the administration,
then they could have to pay back a lot
of these tariffs that have already been
paid.
So it's in their best interests to keep
the policy in place for now.
And that also means that their
negotiating leverage is kind of at a
neater right now, which makes it hard to
move forward on that.
And to add to that is what we're seeing
when it comes to video and what
regulators in China just said overnight
about how they violated anti-monopoly
laws and in this sort of takeover of a
company.
So what does this mean for for companies
like Nvidia that are looking to try to
at least reenter into the Chinese
market?
Unfortunately, I just think that the
climate is highly politicized.
Iran and, you know, the president
allowed or gave the green light for
Nvidia to start exporting its H2O chips
to China.
And then since then, China has taken a
variety of steps to sort of discourage
purchases of those chips.
And now, you know, it's a real question
whether or not their sales can really
move forward.
And I think one of the
likely reasons that we have to consider
is that President Trump himself made
clear that, you know, the deal was one
where they could export and in exchange,
the U.S.
government would take a cut of the
profits.
And I think Beijing is basically
signaling that those profits only get
delivered at Beijing's,
you know, if Beijing decides to allow
it.
Hmm.
And,
you know, the notion that China has,
you know, stronger leverage in these
negotiations compared to some of the
other counterparts that the US is
dealing with right now, I mean, we talk
about India, Japan, Europe, the U.K..
And, you know, I wonder whether it could
be in China's interests, at least
relatively, to Donald Trump in the U.S.
to push back any any sort of deadline
that China will be okay and the US won't
be.
Just your thoughts on that notion.
Hmm.
It's it's an interesting proposal and it
may be in China's interest to allow the
deadline to continue to sort of linger
out there.
I mean, certainly
I can't see it being super beneficial
for either side to to deal with the idea
of tariffs as a major negotiating point
right now when there's so much question
around the future of those tariffs
because, you know, you don't want to
hang your side of the bargain on
something that that the other side may
not have to promise or vice versa.
So, yeah, it may be appropriate for the
Chinese side to sort of drag this out.
And we haven't talked about secondary
sanctions.
You know, the fact that the U.S.
has been pressing the likes of India on,
you know, 50% tariffs because and partly
because of of their purchasing of
Russian oil.
He trumpet mentioned he might do the
same if follow suit when it comes to
China.
But then, of course, there's some
contingency.
Europe has to pull the trigger as well.
How likely do you think that scenario
would be?
I think it's pretty unlikely in the near
term.
Ivana.
I mean, I think,
you know, it's clear to the White House
that
the threat of secondary sanctions or
secondary tariffs really is the biggest
threat is is something that could prompt
China to stop buying so much oil from
Russia.
And having fewer of those purchases
would make it much harder for Russia to
fund its ongoing war in Ukraine.
So that is theoretically leverage that
the U.S.
could use to try to force an end to the
conflict.
But it's theoretical and the challenge
is, number one, China's not going to
stop buying oil from Russia.
They've been incredibly clear about
that.
This is a matter of sovereignty for
them, their right to to do business with
trading partners, irrespective of what a
country like the U.S.
wants to do with their trading partners.
And I don't think there's any
flexibility for them.
Hmm.
Anna, thank you so much.
Anna Ashton there, founder of Ashton
Analytics there.
Yeah, and conversations around where we
go here as far as the train conversation
goes.
Okay.
Just very briefly before we head into
the break, I just noticed that the
dollar has weakened even ever so
slightly, even further, going into the
thick of the Tuesday session.
On my right side of the screens, the
Bloomberg dollar index takes you back to
about mid-July, and we are almost back
to mid-July.
So let's call it seven week low under
Bloomberg Dollar Index, a conversation
on fixed income yields and everything in
between.
Coming up next would ping on asset
management.
All right.
Let's have a look at Treasuries.
Okay.
Well, certainly a lot less Treasury and
Treasuries recently, especially in the
long end.
But yet that's a separate conversation.
Yeah.
So we've been waiting for that 4% panel
to give the ten year yield.
Certainly, last week has been more of a
flattening than steepening, but
certainly the two months before that has
been more about steepening.
Big move as well coming through US and
JGB futures.
Right.
Is this simply repositioning?
Squaring up positions ahead of this Fed
meeting?
That's coming up.
Consequential one.
What it means for Fed policy even moving
forward.
Let's bring in our next guest, Gordon
Choi, managing director and head of
fixed income at Ping, an of China asset
Management here in Hong Kong.
Gordon, very nice to see you.
Great to be here.
Thank you.
The million dollar question is markets
think they're going to do three cuts
before Christmas?
I think you think they think Jay Powell
will endorse.
Yes.
Three cuts based on what basically
Powell is making to market on interest
rate cut numbers and according to the WP
on Bloomberg.
Right.
In fact, it is nearly 100% chance of 25
basis point point this week and in fact
only a slight chance of 50 basis points.
Yep.
Personally, I do not think so.
I do not think the Fed will cut 50 basis
point because nobody in the market is
expecting this outsized cut and you can
see it.
That is indeed, I think right now the
sentiment for the fact of ratios is
trying to, you know, be accommodative,
doing what the administration wants to
do without hurting the credibility of
the Fed.
I think this is the outer you know, the
ultimate, ultimate goal of the
officials.
Yeah, I think that I'm not sure if you
saw this.
The CME actually put out a statement
mentioned early on.
I think there was a massive record block
trade in the Fed fund futures that took
place.
It let me just square that easily for
our viewers here.
And the simple interpretation of that
was there's possibly a case to hedge
against a possible 50 basis point cut.
Do you think it's worth hedging in in
that direction in case they go big
today?
I have to go back to that time this
week, sorry.
Back in late July, two days before the
big non-farm payroll, you know,
disappointment.
In fact, I was on a podcast, a global
podcast, you know, done by a paid credit
research company.
It's on my LinkedIn.
In fact, at that time, I proceed to it
in August, all the decision makers in
the ISI, in the fast money.
They will be on holiday.
So right now, the pain tree is for these
guys to catch up on the duration game.
So in fact, I warned my own PMs back in
June.
I try to get as much duration as
possible both in credit.
Brett As far as interest rate duration.
Now the big guys are catching up.
I mean, yeah, it's it's made Treasuries
the number one sovereign sort of bond
market this year on the sort of new Fed
easing.
So you still think treasuries can
outperform?
I think so.
Right now, the two year, 3.5%, you know,
in the benchmark, I think is quite a
bright, you know, position in a medium
to short end for all day long.
And in fact, if you look at a two year
30 year, it's more than a hundred basis
point spread.
In fact, if you look back, you know,
maybe one or two, two years ago, you can
be negative.
So how come this kind of steepening a
tree that has been so prevalent after
Trump, you know, got nominated?
In fact, this can ease back if the
inflation numbers are not as fearful as
people believe.
Hmm.
Is that how convinced are you over that
over that call of inflation?
Because a lot of people would would
disagree with that and say there's not a
please, there's not enough information
to conclude inflation will be much lower
this time next year.
That's right.
A geopolitical research we, you know,
got we subscribed earlier this year
termed Trump as the humans [inaudible]
because I mean I love that in a T-shirt
again
and because the campaign promise by
Trump, if that all got materialised, it
will push the fiscal deficit to as high
as 9.7%.
You know, run it up to 10%.
And that will be a nightmare for us, the
bond vigilantes.
But if you look at the all BBVA, you
know, apparently it seems to really
still push up the ten year, you know,
deficit in total by about 4 trillion.
But if you look at the tariff income, it
is humongous.
It is actually bringing in a lot of
revenue, maybe 400 billion per year.
It can actually help alleviate a lot of
our fiscal.
So for us, we only look at whether the
Supreme Court, whether they will mess up
with the tariff income if it is still
smooth, you know, getting all this to
rebalance US trade deficits away from
these kind of drastic cuts in area or
bringing in order tariff income.
I think it is very healthy.
What about I mean, the sky, the dollar,
Right.
I think if you were a dollar based
investor, I mean, going offshore and
outside the U.S.
was probably the better trade.
Right.
I mean, what do I do about this whole
dollarization theme now?
Frankly, I think Trump is making
America's manufacturing greater because
we could Dalia obviously will help the
competitiveness of our U.S., but it will
also help to, well, you know, rebalance
away from the US centric economy.
For example, China.
Now, it is going to boast a lot of its
own consumption to be balancing.
We'll be in the frame in the coming
decade.
Okay.
So steepness would be a way to go, one
way to go.
Durations or duration go up in duration.
What else is the best?
What is the most appropriate fixed
income strategy?
Combining the obviously weaker dollar
and then for the duration play, you
know, extend it because it will be kind
of an how much how much fixed and it
what you tell your PMs.
Definitely I think right now the sweet
spot is is pretty clear if you look at
the option although in 30 yeah yeah.
After all I think it will become a
scarcity today you know especially for
the insurance companies like us because
we are not looking about 12 months
scenario of 3 to 5 year.
If you go to the logic is that right now
people are expecting that the fiscal
third day you know it is still a legacy
of the pandemic days, but it is not.
In fact, during the Biden
administration, the fiscal deficit was
funded by QE and money printing and
excessively low funds.
But now, in fact, our fiscal deficit is
manageable, 6%.
And then all these tariff income as well
as more investment.
Back to you.
As I think our the economic picture is
very healthy even now.
You know, some people are talking about
that.
The U.S.
home equity, you know, in the single
family home, it is as much as $45
trillion.
So the US economy right now, it is kind
of a cash driven kind of growth.
But if we were slowly moving up to, you
know, mobilizing this kind of a home
equity interest in the housing market,
they are so how wealthy, you know, for
middle class
Americans, especially when you're seeing
Japan, I take what parts of Europe, like
France and U.K., I mean, there's just a
barrage of bad news.
So in terms of developed markets, does
that make even the case for for the U.S.
a bit more attractive, relatively
speaking, relative to thinking?
Yes.
Yeah.
I mean, after all, I think the two axis
of the of the world, China and U.S.,
will be the main focus of investors for
you, as obviously they have all these
air of this, you know, strong
fundamentals while we in China, we can,
you know, leverage on our consumption,
you know, letting the, you know, middle
class Chinese families reduce their
precautionary savings for pensions, for
medical care.
And you'll see in consumption, if you
look at, you know, maybe two weeks later
in golden week holiday, national Day
holiday, I think there will be loss of a
to in some time.
I mean.
All right.
We'll look forward to it.
Gordon, thank you.
Couldn't tell you they're managing
director and head of fixed income at
ping on of China asset management.
We got plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back.
Just one stop to tell you about that.
If a throwback here, the developer says
up 25% on really progress that they've
filed that they've made in a statement
here in terms of debt restructuring and
certainly any good news is going to lead
you to and really the call from many
alums recently, Alpha is in this
developer's planning.
More ahead.
This is former.
Hmm.
All right.
11:29 a.m.
in Tokyo.
Japanese markets are having to eat lunch
break.
And we are actually seeing Asian stocks
doing quite well here today.
We still been flirting with that record.
Right.
So we'll see.
Nikkei is up about third 1%, Topic is
about 13 points.
Yen's a little bit stronger here this
morning at one 4722.
Yeah, you got to wonder there's growing
chorus of sell on the Fed news might
actually be correct turned out to be
correct.
I mean just looking at the price move
right now.
Right.
I mean how much room there is there for
for disappointment in this market?
Maybe they're seeing something we don't
you know, we're only journalists here.
We can only see.
All we do is write headlines.
Really, and try and figure out, are
stocks up or down because of what stocks
across the region?
2121 57 on the benchmark S&P futures are
top 660 600, of course, was the story
overnight.
Every single almost every single sector
is to the upside.
I think the only market in the
Asia-Pacific that has yet to hit an all
time high major market is India.
Yeah, and I think we're close in that to
a three or 4%.
But yeah, I mean that market opens up
later.
But yeah, that's good to hear now
because lots of good stories right now
here in the Hong Kong market.
And where are we now in this whole
liquidity driven rally in China?
Right.
And, you know, are we going to see Hong
Kong?
And it was h-shares catch up after a lag
in their mainland peers.
Obviously, we've been talking about the
cheaper valuations here, higher tech
exposure, which could bring a lot of
investors back.
Bloomberg Intelligence also thinks that
Alibaba chip might make it the new face
of china's ambitions.
Let's bring in our team asia equities
reporter winnie issue.
Joining us now along with bloomberg
intelligence equity and strategy analyst
Marvin Chen.
Wendy, I'll start with you.
So tell us a bit more of the drivers.
Four and eight shares now.
Yeah, it's a very interesting trend that
we're seeing here right now.
Right.
When you take a look at the monthly
gains this month, HCA is about 5% up
versus CSI, just about 1%.
And that gap is the biggest since
February where we saw that deep seek
optimism coming up.
So lots of drivers here.
We talked about the valuation, its
shares being cheaper.
And also when you look at the technical
side of things, the CSI 300, the onshore
stocks are still looking a little bit
more overheated versus the H-SHARES.
And from the earnings perspective,
actually, we when we talked to Jp
morgan, they were talking about how the
expectations of the CSI 300 earnings is
really high coming into this year.
But when we look at the second quarter
earnings, actually quite some
disappointment there.
So there's going to be more downside
that we might be able to see for the
onshore markets.
But when you take a step back and look
at the more macro side of things, it
sure is a bit less sensitive to tariffs
and also will benefit more from the
Fed's easing.
And that's what we heard from when we
talked to Bank of America and Citi.
And take when you think about kind of
the fund flow side of things, right?
H shares, we are talking about 12
consecutive sessions of southbound
inflow.
So mainland investors interest will
remain very strong and foreign investors
obviously love it shares because of
their exposure to the tech names and we
talked about how Alibaba has just that
series of good news over the past week.
So that was also a very strong driver
there.
Yeah, I mean, the Alibaba chip, the deep
SEC moment, Marvin, I'll bring you in.
Here.
Is the case as clear cut there as far as
it goes over?
A relatively speaking, yeah.
I think when you brought up many good
points, you know that the Fed easing
should improve offshore liquidity in the
market.
Also the exposure to big tech names.
You know, if we look at our, you know,
China sentiment indicator, it is
hovering in the exuberance zone.
And, you know, this has typically been
associated with negative for returns for
the CSI 300.
Okay.
Many of the near-term indicators, such
as, you know, the
turnover margin balances are in
overheated territory.
So we can't we should see some near-term
rotation into the shares.
Yeah.
And certainly big tech driving a lot of
movement and price action.
What about when it comes to Alibaba,
Everyone talking about this progress
around chips?
Is this another deep sea moment, you
think?
Yeah, I mean, I think like deep sea care
represents that China is making progress
in catching closing the gap with the US
in terms of AI development and doing so
with more self-reliance.
So, you know, it does make sense that
the valuation gap that has widened since
2023 because of Asia is now narrowing.
Also, if you think look at China as a
development, it is still at early stages
compared to the US, so there is still
room for growth potential.
And now with this chip progress, markets
are growing more confident that, you
know, any challenges that NVIDIA faces
in the China market is now a catalyst
for China's homegrown AI instead of like
a negative as before it.
I need to circle back Marvin to the you
know there's this question that lingered
still lingers but linger a few months a
few weeks back this you know, divergence
between the stock market and the
economy.
And I wonder, are you concerned over
valuations or at least the earnings
outlook?
Do you think the earnings will come?
Yeah, I mean, you know, markets are
always forward looking.
So I think
even though the macro data is bad, there
is expectations that China will do more
to more in terms of policy support.
And the good news is that, you know,
with the Fed interest rate cut upcoming,
this should open room for more China
domestic easing.
So, you know, the last time the Fed cut
rates is when we saw the bazooka style
stimulus in 2000, later than 24.
You know, we don't expect that we will
see that this time around, but we do
expect more more easing ahead.
Yeah, when we were talking a little bit
more about these cross-border financing
rules that were eased,
which is new.
Tell us what this means for markets.
Yeah, I think actually, to Morgan's
point, it is part of that the government
supports kind of helping on the economic
side of things, although this time it's
more on the property side of things.
But, you know, overall we we saw that
series of weak data that came in
yesterday as well.
So it puts at points to how important
and necessary it is for the government
to step up with more stimulus and how
urgent that is.
If they want to hit that 5% growth
target by end of the year.
And yes, we've seen some effort coming
in on the more domestic investor side of
things when it comes to supporting the
property market.
But also right now, this time around,
it's more focused on attracting the
foreign inflows into foreign capital.
And it's actually a pretty good timing
when you think about how we have a
market rally in equities.
And also the yuan is also strengthening
though.
So foreign investors money are tiptoeing
back to the market is what we're seeing.
We've seen that through, for example,
that the US listed China ETFs, the I
share the MSCI AI shares.
They were seeing the strongest inflow of
monthly inflows since May.
And also when we talk to our buy site
investors, they were saying that
investors are more willing to put more
money into Chinese assets as part of the
diversification.
So, you know, that's that flowing
sentiment right now is quite it's quite
positive for Chinese assets.
And it's good timing then for the
government to kind of push for whether
it's the support for property market or
for innovation.
You know, this this this debate since
that big bazooka moment last year on
what's changed in the Chinese market.
Right.
It's easier to see the bull case now
than it was back then.
And I wonder if we ignoring some risks,
in your view, what are the risks to
watch here to this rally?
Yeah, I think some risks may be that,
you know, the rally may be too fast for
for comfort for policymakers.
As you say, it's kind of disconnected
from the economic reality.
You know, we had some discussions about
kind of policymakers and regulators kind
of stemming this, you know, surge of
momentum and aiming for a more slow kind
of rise.
I think the other risk is obviously, of
course, the tariffs also.
I mean, we we still haven't seen the
majority of the impact kind of play out.
We expect to see some of that in the
second half of the year, you know, not
necessarily for China, but also the
impact on the US as well.
Obviously, if the US is not doing well,
the global will not be in a good
position also.
Fantastic.
Thank you so much.
That was Marvin Chen there at Bloomberg
Intelligence or Analyst.
And of course when he when issue of
course our Asia equities reporter and
this goes into another thing to look
forward to possibly another catalyst
this time around, this time tomorrow,
this briefing on china, expanding
services consumption, being able to
support the services.
Yeah, we've seen certainly different
facets of the consumption sort of
stimulus, whether it's helping with
child care and the like.
And now we're talking more about
services, which is a little bit of
uncharted territory from policymakers as
well.
Coming up, of course, we're going to be
live at the super eternal Asia in
Singapore, speaking with AC DC managing
partner and former senior people.
Exact Jack Selby.
Now also here from DC investor Jim
Kline, founder and managing partner of
Bracewell Ventures.
That's also ahead on INSIGHT with
Haslinda Amin.
This is Bloomberg.
We are checking those I shares here this
morning.
The world's largest maker of LIDAR
sensors used in self-driving hardware.
There you go.
8% pop here in Hong Kong today.
We spoke with the co-founder and CEO,
David Lee, right after that listing at
the Hong Kong exchange as competition in
the EV space heats up.
The key is innovation, right?
That's the wrong way to do that is to
continue to lower your price without the
ability to lower your cost.
So for us, we've been trying to develop
preparatory components since almost the
very beginning.
Since 2017, we've developed a four
generation of platform technologies,
integrated components, with one goal,
which is to continue to lower the cost.
That's why even though the price war, it
continues, even though everybody is
fighting very competitively, we have an
edge not because we can afford to lose
more money.
It's because we invested so much already
upfront in being able to lower the costs
down the road.
How confident are you, though, that the
officials and the regulators at MIT and
others can stop this race to the bottom
and that a healthier auto industry will
emerge?
There might be a shake out some of these
main players that you have 100%
contracts with like Li Auto and others.
There might be some consolidation.
What's your outlook and how does that
directly impact you?
I feel like what the government is
trying to do isn't stopping.
The race is trying to hold a standard
for the industry so that everybody can
compete fairly without sacrificing
safety, which is super important for us.
So think about again, we make safety
pass.
We want to make sure everybody has the
same set of metrics to evaluate their
safety, which is now happening with a
new draft of the GGB.
The government is essentially saying
that, look, it's a bad idea where
everyone just can claim they're level
two.
Why don't we set a few scenarios that
you really have to pass those scenarios
to claim level two us, which is
extremely helpful to hold the bar high.
And for us, it's further important
because those scenarios cover many, many
cases that require our to be safe
enough.
So how much of these processes are going
to go into the R&D to get to your
latest, what is it, 8128 version chip
for level three autonomy by next year?
A significant part is going to the R&D
and we'll continue to invest.
It's not going to be one year, but we
raise money to be able to continue to
invest in the innovation in the interior
components, in health manufacturing, in
expanding our manufacturing to outside
China to to to serve our customers
overseas.
So in the end, with one goal is to bring
that to everyone.
Everyone, including everyone outside
China overseas is critical, right?
Because you have a Toyota partnership,
you have a major partnership with an
unnamed OEM.
If you're really famous, you have a
factory being built right now in
Southeast Asia.
Everyone's excited here in the stock
exchange.
You have a name.
That country is widely believed to be
Malaysia, but we won't go down that road
again.
But how important is that international
market?
Because there was another announcement
that a $40 million partnership with an
unnamed again, you're kind of a
secretive, unnamed robotaxi company in
the United States.
Customers always like to be secretive
until they actually roll out to the full
fleet or the vehicle.
So we respect the culture and we
obviously follow our agreement by not
announcing their actual name, But that's
not important.
What's important is we're seeing the
almost like explosion of adaptation for
such a technology.
China, of course, is first and the rest
of the world robotaxi from the very
beginning.
Now finally, we're seeing sizable fleet
with Robotaxi on the road.
Can you make inroads in the United
States?
Because this partnership in the United
States is with a U.S.
robotaxi company?
I'm betting a lot of money that it's not
Tesla because they're the vision.
They don't like light.
Elon Musk doesn't like LiDAR, but again,
Waymo and others do.
Yeah, I won't be able to comment on the
name, but I do want to point out even
Waymo, which is one of the almost most
advanced player in this domain, argued
publicly that light is absolutely
necessary.
It gives you a great margin of safety.
And it's it doesn't make sense for
people not to consider that historically
it might because it's too expensive and
we don't have enough data to know
whether it's useful or not.
Let me give you one example.
It's almost like somebody will tell you
I don't think coffee helps me because I
never drink coffee regardless what other
people think of coffee.
Right now, everyone likes coffee.
Well, we need.
We need coffee, you know.
Yeah.
You know, all it needs coffee are deals,
steam.
Given everything that's taking place and
how busy, how busy they are, maybe we're
hiring.
We don't know.
Anyway, anyway, in the house, I listing
David Lee there.
Of course.
Bean Stephen Engle certainly comes as
Hong Kong bankers also need some coffee
likely here, ending this summer relative
lull with a massive boom.
Billions of dollars of deals here.
Let's bring in Julio Firenze, our equity
capital markets reporter who's hopefully
had some coffee already.
Why is the market been so busy again?
It's a continuation of the things that
we've spoken about previously.
Basically, the market is doing extremely
well.
The Hang Seng is up more than 30% this
year.
So obviously investor confidence is
back.
Investors are buying these deals and
they're doing well and that basically
begets more deals.
There's a lot of the companies that are
coming to market are companies that
investors want exposure to be it in tech
because they want to bet on the next
winner in the race between China and the
US, that companies that are leaders in
their sectors and and all this has
basically contributed to the deals boom
that we're having, especially after the
years of
a very sort with our customers can
tell us what's coming up next.
In terms of the deal front.
I mean, everyone talks about digital
gold.
What else is your team looking at in
terms of IPOs?
Definitely that's probably one of the
biggest.
It's coming up.
It's gauging investor interest now.
It's meeting investors this week, so
we're expecting it to launch quite
shortly.
There's also the carmaker Cherry, and
that's also expected to be a large deal,
over ,000,000,000.
And then there are obviously a number of
China listed companies that are listing
in Hong Kong.
That's been a continuation of the trend
that we've seen.
That was Catl earlier in the year and
there are many more.
And those are also mostly large deals,
several billion dollars.
One of them is Luxshare Sany Heavy.
The list, the list goes on.
There's really a lot a lot of them.
And if the market holds as people are
expecting it to, then it's likely to be
a very busy autumn.
Well, are people expecting it to like
based on the people that you talk to
your networking industry, do you get a
sense that this is a period at blast?
That's the million dollar question.
No one has the full answer, obviously,
but obviously people are expecting it to
last at least until the end of the year,
barring any black swan events in terms
of whether it will go on after that, the
expectations are that it will.
Obviously, people are still a little bit
cautious in terms of saying where
they'll be the first quarter, the second
quarter or the full year or maybe this
is a boon for years to come.
That's very hard to predict.
They tend to be wrong often if you make
a very firm prediction and there's still
a lot of uncertainty, it's still a very
volatile environment.
So for now, people are rushing to the
market whilst they can whilst the market
is hot and as demand.
Julia Thank you, Julia.
Friday there are Asia equity capital
markets reporter joining us there on
what to expect in terms of the IPO
pipeline as well.
Of course you can get the insider's
guide to the money and people shaking up
the finance hub in our Hong Kong edition
newsletter.
That's out every Thursday.
You can sign up through the website
bloomberg.com slash newsletters.
Plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
Some top cover stories that we're
tracking for you today.
China's foreign exchange regulator has
streamlined the country's cross-border
investment and financing rules and every
new effort to deepen market reforms and
attract overseas capital.
The regulator is easing restrictions on
the use of foreign exchange for property
purchases.
Registration requirements for
preliminary expenses and reinvestments
have also been scrapped.
Elon Musk has responded to his massive
pay proposal from Tesla's board by
buying about a billion worth of
shares to say the stock into positive
territory for the year.
He made the purchase through a revocable
trust on September 12, signalling
confidence in Tesla's future masses.
Trillion dollar compensation plan
includes an incentive if the company
hits a $400 billion adjusted earnings
target by 2035.
J.P.
Morgan will cut the weight of the
largest bond issuers in its flagship
Emerging Markets index, according to a
client note seen by Bloomberg.
The bank will gradually lower the issuer
cap on its GBM global diversified index
in the first half of 2026.
The move will affect sellers in markets
such as China and India, while Brazil
and Thailand look set to benefit.
Bloomberg also offers index products for
various asset classes through Bloomberg
Index services.
Tencent has begun marketing its first
bond sale in four years.
A firm is said to be looking to sell
five, ten and 30 year offshore yuan
denominated notes with initial price
guidance at 2.63 and 3.6% areas.
Now a source says a deal could be priced
as early as today.
This will be Tencent's first sale of dim
sum notes and its first bond offering in
any currency since April 2021.
Well, speaking of fund raising, here is
a interesting one.
So we're looking at shares of not
Tencent sales coming up on your screens
very, very shortly.
So the company raising a decent amount
of money.
What's interesting as well as single
buyer, single buyer there.
As far as the company is concerned, I
may just bring up some of the details
here.
Okay.
So Google Tech, we're looking at just
under five and a half billion Hong Kong
dollars translates to about just over
700 million USD.
The buyer, Anthony Capital Global.
There we go.
That's about 14% of issued share
capital.
That's the cash flow.
Of course, based on this filing that I
believe was this morning into the
exchange, 2.4%.
You can look at the exchange in the
filing if you want to get a sense of
where the proceeds are going to.
The majority will be used for
establishing a capital reserve, though,
for the reform of the supply side to
promote structural adjustment.
It's very, very long.
Tick tock Related shares.
I think we talked about tick tock at
length already today.
Good news there.
Good news for the stocks related stocks
in the onshore market after the sort of
framework was established that takes us
into maybe some momentum going into the
Friday conversation perk.
US President Donald Trump that he will
be having with Chinese President Xi
Jinping.
We're still staying on the tech space,
but looking at chips, generally
speaking, of course, on the back of this
bounce back in in video overnight
following the you know, right at about
the close on Monday news of course, of
China looking at a veneer and then you
had a pre markets weakness into the
close decent and we are still feeling
the tailwinds as far as that's concerned
5.6% to the upside escaped absolute
terror.
I mean, that one's just simply gone
vertical really.
You look at the chart.
Speaking of acceleration, accelerator
chips also in focus
on the back of what's long some GPU
progress.
Okay.
I got to look at that story today.
But yeah, well, that's sort of progress
there Exactly.
In China.
Yeah, I mean, it relates to a lot of
discussions about what we're seeing in
the Hang Seng here today and whether
we're going to see that catch up
offshore once again, given all the
spotlight has been really on Asia as of
late.
Right.
We talk about valuations, we talk about
the whole tech thing that might be sort
of the next sort of leg up.
But really right now we're seeing the
Hang Seng down about a quarter of 1%.
You know, in terms of what downside risk
we could watch out for.
Right.
We talked about this Fed meeting.
I think some some say, you know, if we
see that the the dots for next year, not
so much this year, next year, don't
change.
That could be a risk if Powell pushes
back on market pricing also could be a
big risk as well.
So two things to actually watch, I think
in that Fed meeting.
Yeah I mean
Gordon tweet out of ping on join us
early on he to him it's very clear cut
in fact it's almost non consensus so he
things go up in duration yeah he thinks
the Fed will mark to market and meet
where the market expectations are.
So you think since July he's had go go
longer duration still go longer duration
up to that very very point That's it for
us We'll see you all tomorrow.